[hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
[Grown Kanan]
Previously onRaising Kanan...
[Kanan] She loved
your daughter, you know.
[officer] Third body
we've found in the last day.
-He was holding one of these.
-[Lil' Rob] Blue caps.
It was
this Southside nigga Kanan.
Kanan Stark?
He cooked 'em
and put 'em out on the block.
[Jukebox]
That's what killed Nicole.
All you've done so far
is give me mess
after mess to clean up.
Buck Twenty, D-Wiz--
-D-Wiz?
-I killed him.
[officer] This is your stop.
Get out.
[Raq] What's the unit
underneath looking like?
Add a little stucco--ah!
I don't ever wanna talk to you
or ever see you again.
I need you to walk me through
Unique pressing up on you.
[doorman] May I help you, sir?
My boy's ride,
I left something in it.
Can I get in?
This is
a motherfucking message.
Make sure that shit
is loud and clear.
[dramatic music plays]
[gunfire]
Lou-Lou!
Come on, Lou. Come on, man.
Call an ambulance!
Somebody help me!
[Rileyy] ♪ I'm a hustler, baby
I'm a hustler, baby ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ Yeah, I know
Heartbreaks, setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch, if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs, you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure, man
I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money
Make, make, make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money, Southside ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em ♪
♪ Done shot
At the rest of 'em, yeah ♪
♪ Checks, I'm collectin' 'em ♪
♪ Check, boy
I'm finessin' 'em ♪
♪ Bag Supreme
Boy, you fuck around ♪
♪ Put a big bag on your head ♪
♪ Before the weather break
You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it, they
Don't do it like we do it ♪
♪ Nah, cop it, whip it
Bag it, flip it ♪
♪ Re-up, we up
G'd up, what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck, hey ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
Ha ha. That's right.
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
[Rileyy and 50 Cent]
♪ And it's all right ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ That's how
We do it on this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to it
On this side ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks
Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch, if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs, you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure, man
I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
[Rileyy vocalizing]
[tense music plays]
[Grown Kanan] You all alone
up in this motherfucker.
You might have a crew
next to you.
You might have some peoples
you run with,
some niggas saying
they got your back.
But when shit goes down,
it's every nigga for himself.
Ain't nobody checking
for you but you.
Not even that motherfucker
by your side.
Because in this shit,
blood is everything.
As wild as the game is,
it can't never take away
your family
if you don't let it.
Family's the only thing
you born with,
the only thing
worth dying for.
Well, okay, I guess
you, uh, would be like--
what, we stop at McDonald's
or something?
Hop in there.
♪ ♪
Get out of here, man.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
-[gunfire]
-[child screaming]
[child] Daddy!
[people screaming]
[child shrieking]
[tires squealing]
[child screaming]
♪ ♪
[somber music plays]
I was going to go home
to take a shower and change,
but I wanna be here
for when he wakes up.
If he wakes up.
He gon' wake up.
He gon' be fine.
I know my little brother.
He's just resting up.
But he'll come back.
Now, go take care of yourself.
I'll hold it down here
while you're gone.
♪ ♪
You need anything
while I'm out?
[door clicks open and shut]
What the fuck they did
to you, baby brother?
They forgot
who the fuck I am, Lou,
where the fuck I come from.
But they 'bout to remember me.
They 'bout to know me.
[knock at door]
Kanan told me you were here.
[chuckles] Of course he did.
Two of you chatty motherfuckers
can't stop talking.
If I needed you here,
I would have called you myself.
I couldn't find you.
I got scared.
Hmm, you got scared.
Yeah.
That's how normal people feel
when someone they care about
up and disappears
and doesn't return their calls
for two days.
Yeah, and I guess
I ain't normal people, then.
I want you to be able to talk
to me about all of this, Raq.
Let me be here with you,
for you.
Our shit was never real,
Symphony,
this thing between you and me.
I mean, you know it
just like I do.
We were on
some make-believe shit,
some bullshit we dreamed up
when our eyes was closed.
I forgot who I was.
But seeing my baby brother
like that,
I ain't forgetting
who I am ever again.
♪ ♪
I know who you are, Raq.
I love who you are.
♪ ♪
Don't worry.
You'll find some college hos
to fuck soon enough.
Fuck you.
Finally, some heart
on this nigga.
I ain't even know
you had it in you.
Tell Marvin that Toni
can't be trusted.
♪ ♪
[Lil' Rob breathes deeply]
Fuck!
You know that nigga's shit
was bulletproof, man?
Heard some chatter.
[foreboding music plays]
It's like that?
You know how this shit works.
Them-them cops is putting
murder on me, Marvin.
And Kanan just a fucking kid.
That little nigga wouldn't do
no real time.
They ain't even
grab him up anyway.
He's still out here.
Come-come on.
I was doing this
to protect you, man.
You know I'd never
give you up.
That shit don't move me,
brother.
Not at all.
I-I hear what you saying.
[gunshot]
♪ ♪
[fire whooshing]
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[engine turning over]
[explosion booms]
[indistinct chatter]
[siren wailing]
♪ ♪
Here she come.
[suspenseful music plays]
♪ ♪
[somber music plays]
[suspenseful music plays]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[elevator bell dings]
[suspenseful music plays]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
Don't even breathe,
motherfuckers.
Guns on the bed.
[Burke]
I can't share any details
about any cases that might
involve a juvenile offender.
The police in Manhattan said
that you told them
to let her go,
that you ordered them
to release her.
Linda.
Laverne murdered our daughter.
[Burke] It's my understanding
that your daughter died
from a drug overdose.
[Linda] She got the drugs
from Laverne Thomas.
Well, we don't know that
to be true.
She had never done drugs
before she met Laverne.
We don't know that either.
Who's fucking side
are you on, James?
My only child is dead,
and the person
who killed her is still free.
Nicole wasn't
some junkie ghetto addict.
She was beautiful
and kind and generous,
and this girl introduced her
to a world she would have
never known about.
Okay, Linda, this isn't gonna
bring Nicole back.
You think I don't know that?
You think I don't know that
my daughter is gone forever?
Okay, just stop, okay?
Stop making things worse.
-Ma-ma-making it worse?
-Yes. Would you--
Nicole is dead.
It can't get
any worse than that.
My only child was murdered
by this girl,
and nobody cares but me.
And if you won't do something,
I will find someone who will.
Because I know powerful people,
people who will not allow
something like this
to happen
to a family like ours.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
Came to the hospital to spit
at you and your brother.
Next thing I know,
I'm in the middle
of a fucking
assassination attempt.
Yo, you lucky I still smoke.
'Nique's guys.
[Howard]
Won't be the last of 'em.
Look, I'm done waiting, Raquel.
I've asked. I damn near begged.
I've threatened.
But you ain't
taking me serious.
You not hearing me.
So I'm getting
a warrant for Kanan.
Spofford's on notice
he's on the way.
If you don't tell him
who he is to me,
that's where he gon' end up.
♪ ♪
If I do this for you,
you doing something for me.
You stay out my business
and leave my people alone.
Go fuck with the tailor shop.
Get him out my way.
I get a pass, Detective.
Within reason, yeah.
But if I need
something else from you
as it relates to that kid,
you gon' come correct.
What does that mean?
Nothing.
Look, look, I-I'll come up
with a date and time
to get back to you,
but I'ma make myself clear.
If I peep you, Marvin,
or anybody else but Kanan
at the meet,
they gon' get wet the fuck up.
[Grown Kanan]
Ain't nothing more dangerous
than a desperate nigga.
And this cop had
"nothing left to lose"
written all over
his fucking face.
♪ ♪
[somber music plays]
[Burke]
Sorry about your friend.
Those cops in Manhattan
treat you okay?
They told me
they were gonna let you go,
but they seemed like they might
have been assholes anyway.
I, uh...
I heard about your uncle.
You're dealing
with a lot right now.
I can't even imagine
how you're hurting.
You know, people never take
high school
relationships serious,
like because you're young,
you haven't really lived
long enough
to really know
what love feels like.
But I loved the hardest
when I was in high school.
That's when it felt
the most real,
at least for me.
Meghan Crowley
was my first girlfriend.
Both our dads liked to get
shit-faced at Larue's
on Lafayette Avenue.
We met when our moms sent us
to roll our fathers home
from the bar.
I never loved anyone
as much as I loved Meghan,
because she showed me
who I really was...
...who I really am.
Look, I was gonna go get
one of those, uh, Italian ices
they got in Corona.
Do you wanna come with me?
It's on me.
[monitors beeping]
Why they move Uncle Lou room?
Guys came to the hospital
to kill him,
finish what the fuck
they started.
For real?
Police got in the middle of it
before it went down.
We safe for now.
He gon' wake up, right?
They was keeping him asleep
until his lungs cooled down.
They saying
he should be up by now.
With everything
that's going down,
you and I haven't had a chance
to speak
on our last conversation.
I did what I did.
You ain't gotta say
nothing else.
I get it.
I wanna help.
I wanna help Uncle Lou.
I wanna help you.
[dramatic music plays]
Just let me know
what I gotta do, Ma.
I'm here.
I ain't going nowhere.
♪ ♪
I can't believe you've never
had one of these before.
Why you following me?
I'm worried about you.
You know,
my-my brother killed himself
when I was about your age.
Is this the part where we bond
over all the fucked-up shit
that happened to us?
Your dead brother,
your drunk father.
[Burke scoffs]
I don't need to hear
about your fucked-up family.
I got one of my own already.
You know, my brother's
the reason I became a cop.
My father always wanted
my brother to be police,
so when he killed himself,
I felt like I had to step in
and fill those shoes,
like I was forced into it.
And I'm thinking that maybe
you might know
what that feels like too?
[chuckles] I don't.
[sighs] Look, the crack
that killed your girlfriend
also killed a bunch of people
on the Southside.
Do you know where she got 'em?
We spoke to a kid who pointed
at Kanan for the drugs.
That's bullshit.
Kanan had nothing
to do with it.
Whoever said that's
a fucking liar.
[scoffs] Whatever.
If you had shit on Kanan,
he'd be locked up already.
What about D-Wiz?
Any idea
who might have killed him?
Because the operating theory
is that his murder
is connected to Buck Twenty's,
that it was payback.
-[scoffs]
-Laverne. Laverne.
Laverne.
Come on, I got a job to do.
I gotta ask these questions.
I ain't answering shit.
Oh, and stop following me.
♪ ♪
Little late to be asking God
for forgiveness
for all the shit you done.
I'm not asking for forgiveness
for what I've done.
Asking for forgiveness
for what I'm about to do.
[Marvin] Turns out,
'Nique's shit
really is bulletproof.
Lil' Rob's head ain't, though.
Told you to stand down, Marvin.
I ain't want you
to fuck with 'Nique yet.
And if you gon' take the shot,
you can't fucking miss.
You complicating shit
I already got in motion.
You forget I don't work
for you no more, Raq.
And even if I did,
no one tells me
how to defend my family,
not even you.
Okay, well, while you
was defending your family,
'Nique sent a crew here
to finish what he started.
Fortunately, the police got
to 'em before they got to Lou.
Yo, this motherfucker 'Nique
got to go right now.
He bringing in crews
from outside.
Saw a gang of 'em up close
and personal this morning.
We ain't gon' survive
this shit alone, Marvin.
I want you back.
[chuckles]
You know, in a gang of ways,
my life's a lot easier
where I am right now.
I don't answer
to nobody but me.
I'm living my own damn life,
make up my own mind.
You don't know what it's like
to have your little sister
come in and take your spot.
I been doing this shit
before you.
I'm your big brother,
but you got me
answering to you,
taking your orders.
That don't feel good.
You got fucked up
on your own shit, Marvin.
I only stepped in
because you stepped off.
You're better at it
than me, Raq.
Marvin--
[Marvin] No, no,
let-let me say my piece.
Let me get my shit out.
You better at it than me.
You see shit I don't see.
You think shit I can't think.
But I'm still a man, Raq.
I still need my respect.
I need to be heard.
And when they come after
my baby brother like they did,
motherfuckers gon' hear me,
and nobody gon' get me
to quiet the fuck down.
I raised you and Lou-Lou myself
when Mom and Pop
was on they shit.
I know.
[Marvin] And I'd die
for you and Lou.
And I'd die for you too,
Marvin.
[soft music plays]
I need you with me.
Can't do this shit without you.
♪ ♪
Fam.
Soldier up.
Get them boys strapped
and get back out
on those corners.
We gon' need
whatever loot we can get
to pay for what happen next.
What's next?
Revolution, nigga.
I'm-I'm actually gonna, uh,
meet with him tonight
for the first time.
So we've moved
beyond the hypothetical.
You actually have a son.
[chuckles] Yeah, I do.
But it's delicate.
Um, his mother,
she's complicated as hell.
Well, as I mentioned
to you before,
you do need to get
his legal guardian's permission
before we can draw
any bone marrow from a minor.
You need to do this
as soon as possible.
Every day that passes
is a day you get sicker.
The doctors said
he should be awake by now.
And what does it mean
that he's not awake?
Means he's fucked up in ways
that they don't even know.
Hey, baby.
Jessica told me
about your friend.
I'm so sorry.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Yeah. Come on.
[somber music plays]
♪ ♪
Some white lady detective
came to talk to me today.
Said she heard that Kanan put
that bad crack on the street.
That shit's not going nowhere.
Don't worry.
She also thought
there was a connect
between Buck Twenty
and D-Wiz both getting hit.
Why she stepping to you
with all this?
She came to me once before.
Same shit.
[scoffs] Just hitting me
with mad questions
and theories or whatever.
But I got outta there quick.
Didn't say nothing.
Mm. Course you didn't.
Sound like to me
that this police like you.
I ain't friends with no cop.
I'm not saying you are.
I'm just saying that...
sometimes the police
are good friends to have.
[The Miracles'
"Mickey's Monkey" playing]
♪ All right ♪
♪ Yeah... ♪
Once you done
with those numbers,
use that to scuff up
the inside of the barrel.
♪ This cat named Mickey came
From out of town, yeah... ♪
Look like your balls
about to drop, little man.
Your mom told me to pull out
the best gat for you.
♪ In just a matter
Of a few days, yeah ♪
She wanted me to have a gun?
Seem like you about to get out
on that corner.
For real?
'Nique flexing.
Raq said she needs soldiers.
Ain't many niggas out there,
so I'm sure she wants you
to strap the fuck up.
We at war, Kanan.
Everybody on them front lines.
You Kanan Stark, Def Con kid.
Time to live up to that name.
Don't fuck it up.
Fuck it up like you fucking up
this music right now?
Watch your mouth, boy.
Smokey Black royalty.
That sound like
Black history, honestly.
For real, man,
you need to spin something
with some bass in it, a'ight?
I ain't trying to step out on
the corner for the first time
with this antique shit
playing in my head.
Jukebox, she got something
in her room.
I know she do.
I'll be right back.
You-you-you keep doing
what you doing.
Whiny-ass nigga.
Whatever, man.
♪ ♪
♪ Lum de lum de li ♪
♪ Lum de lum de li... ♪
[scoffs]
♪ Oh, monkey see
Monkey do... ♪
[scoffs]
♪ Come on
You can do the monkey too... ♪
[sighs]
[chuckles]
[song continues indistinctly]
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
Motherfucker.
[phone ringing faintly]
[VCR whirring]
[both] ♪ It just intensifies
My wants ♪
♪ To have a love
That endures ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ 'Cause every time
I close my eyes ♪
♪ I think of you ♪
♪ And no matter
What the season is ♪
♪ I still love you ♪
♪ With all my heart ♪
♪ And I wanna be with you ♪
♪ Wherever you are ♪
-♪ I only think of ♪
-[Kanan] Yo.
Raq just called and said I need
to meet her and bring two gats.
-They on the coffee table.
-[Kanan] All right. Bet.
You wanna take the rest
of the guns out to the corner?
Don't worry about me, nigga.
Just go.
Damn, a'ight! Later.
♪ But when the leaves
Are gone ♪
♪ Does that love disappear ♪
♪ I never underestimate
The true love of spring ♪
♪ But I'm glad
At least in my heart ♪
♪ That my love is lasting ♪
[Nicole] ♪ Oh ♪
[Jukebox] Ooh.[laughs]
♪ 'Cause every time
I close my eyes ♪
[both] ♪ I think of you ♪
♪ And no matter
What the season is ♪
[Jukebox] ♪ I still love you ♪
[both] ♪ With all my heart ♪
[Jukebox]
♪ And I wanna be with you ♪
♪ Wherever you are ♪
[scoffs]
[breathing heavily]
[indistinct chatter,
phones ringing]
[man] Hey, Howard.
I was looking for you earlier.
Where you been?
Look...
...I know I've been
a shitty partner.
I had some personal shit
I was dealing with.
But I'm getting past it.
I was talking
to Laverne Thomas,
Kanan Stark's cousin, earlier.
[tense music plays]
Why the fuck would you do that?
A friend of hers
from the Upper East Side
died from that same crack
we found in South Jamaica.
I thought maybe
she could help us
trace it back to Kanan Stark.
I told you the Stark kid had
nothing to do with that shit.
It was heads from outside
the neighborhood.
Yeah, that's what you told me,
but I did a little bit
of my own digging.
I'm telling you
to leave this shit alone.
♪ ♪
You know, you tell me
a lot of things.
That's pretty much all you do.
[Howard] But you don't listen.
You've been on the job,
what, ten minutes?
You already think
you know better.
Leave this shit alone.
I don't get your thing
with that family.
Who are they to you?
Why do you care
about them so much?
Man, fuck this shit.
If I can't trust you,
I don't wanna have
nothing to do with you.
We can't be partners no more.
I'ma tell the captain myself.
♪ ♪
[suspenseful music plays]
So, what, you some kind
of girl faggot?
Lebanese or some shit?
Shit comes from your moms.
Her family got all the fuckups
and heathens and shit.
And who the fuck
is this white bitch,
and where the fuck
she come from?
She's dead.
[chuckles]
That's what God do to bitches
who violate His will.
So... what does that mean
for you and God, then?
'Cause you ain't nothing
but a violation, Marvin.
White girl got
what she deserves.
World better for her
not being in it no more.
Mm-hmm.
♪ ♪
[spits]
[grunts]
[intense music plays]
♪ ♪
[yells]
Calm the fuck down. Shit.
Fuck off me.
[grunts]
[both grunting]
♪ ♪
Yeah, just 'cause you think
you a nigga
don't mean you can fight
like one.
♪ ♪
[gasping]
Juke.
Juke!
Like I showed you before,
don't pull the trigger.
You gotta squeeze it.
[gunshots]
[dog barking]
Two hands. Strong hand on top.
Extend and fire.
That's a GLOCK 17.
Semiauto, nine-milli.
Clip holds 16,
with one in the chamber.
[gunshots]
[dog barking]
Don't mess with .22s.
They just BB guns.
And the .357 only good
in the movies.
You buck that shit off,
the police in Jersey'll
hear you.
All of them other guns,
like TEC-9, the Uzi,
the MAC-10, they bullshit.
They jam. They don't aim right.
Garbage.
The GLOCK's for real work,
for niggas who know
what they gotta do.
When you put someone down,
you gotta make sure
they stay down.
[shell casing clatters]
Hit a nigga twice
where his heart beat at
and once
where he used to think.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
I never wanted to bring you
into this game.
Not even that night
when we was on the beach,
looking at those stars.
I never wanted to have
the conversation
I'm about to have with you.
♪ ♪
Wish you went to that school.
[scoffs]
I wish you wasn't here.
But wishes are just dreams.
Dreams ain't real.
We live in the real world,
where we...
fire real shots
with real gats...
...and real niggas die.
♪ ♪
I'm 'bout to ask you
to walk up to a man,
look him dead in the eye,
and put him
on his back for good.
I'm your mother.
And I'm asking you
to kill a man.
♪ ♪
All right, listen up.
Y'all know
why y'all here, right?
-Mm-hmm.
-Yeah.
[Unique] So I ain't gotta
spell it out for niggas.
But let me be
motherfucking clear.
This is a motherfucking war,
you hear me?
-Uh-huh.
-Yeah!
[Unique] We at war
with that other side.
[crew] Yeah.
[Unique] Now, I don't care
how old they are,
who they with,
or where you find 'em.
Anybody down with Raq...
gotta go.
The man you gon' have on
the other end of that barrel
is trying to take everything
from us, Kanan...
...everything we love,
everything we will love.
And this ain't some shit where
you running up on a corner
and you spraying some fool.
It's up close and personal.
It's gotta be.
And it's gotta be you
who pulls the trigger.
[Unique] All that peace shit,
it's done.
Ain't no way back to peace.
I want the whole Southside
to know.
You ain't with us, guess what.
You against us.
And they gotta go too.
I've been lying to myself,
Kanan.
You can't grow up
around this shit--
you can't be my son--
without having it
run through your veins,
pump through your heart.
Somebody said it a while back,
but I ain't hear 'em.
You was in this shit
before you was even in it.
But I hear 'em now.
All them old scores
being settled today.
[crew] Yeah!
All them old debts
being collected, repaid
right the fuck now,
you hear me?
-Yeah!
-Yeah, man!
Man, woman, child,
I don't give a fuck!
They gotta go!
I want all Raq's people
fucking dead.
Fucking dead! You hear me?
-[crew] Yeah!
-Fucking dead!
[crew] Yeah!
And I see you now,
maybe even clearer
than you see yourself,
and I know you right.
You been right.
I'm not gonna lie
to you no more, Kanan.
You deserve the truth.
And this here
is the uncut, raw shit.
It's all on you--
everything, everyone.
Our past, our present,
our future,
it's in your hands,
and it's in your heart.
You my son.
And you the only one
who can do this.
And I guess that's the way
it was always gon' be.
Shit was always in our stars.
I just wasn't looking,
'cause I ain't want to.
[Unique]
These our fucking streets.
These our fucking corners!
[crew] Yeah!
Go take them shits, man!
Let's go!
You heard him. Let's go!
♪ ♪
I need you to squeeze
that fucking trigger tonight
and save me, baby.
I need you to save all of us.
♪ ♪
[rasping]
[grunting softly]
Lou-Lou?
Lou-Lou.
[Lou-Lou] Loud. Too loud.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
They said you were gonna
wake up yesterday.
And when you didn't,
they didn't know why,
and then--
Can I get you something?
Huh? What do you need, baby?
How you feeling?
Like deep-fried shit.
[soft music plays]
[sighs]
Okay.
He's awake!
Where is everybody?
♪ ♪
[soft dramatic music plays]
[siren wails]
You could have come inside,
you know.
You didn't have
to wait out here.
Yeah, that's a good look.
Me kicking it with a bunch
of cops in a police station?
[scoffs] Hood loves that.
Might as well wear a sticker
on my forehead
that says I'm a fucking snitch.
What happened?
Who did that to you?
I need to get off this block.
Let me get a car.
♪ ♪
♪ The storm is passing over ♪
Hallelujah.
♪ Ha-ha-hallelujah ♪
-♪ Halle-hallelujah ♪
-♪ Hallelu-hallelujah ♪
♪ Hallelujah, hallelujah ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Hallelu ♪
-We are all born...
-[man] Hallelujah!
-...into this earth...
-[people] Amen!
[preacher]
...with the greatest gift
we could ever hope
to receive...
[people] Amen.
-[preacher] ...God's love.
-[people] Amen!
God's love is a light
that shines in all of us.
[congregation murmurs]
But, brothers and sisters,
where we choose
to shine that light
will be the greatest,
most important choice
that we will ever make.
[scattered cheers and applause]
Once you choose
to shine your light
in the dark depths of sin...
-[man] Shine it.
-[woman] Yes.
...there will be
no guarantees...
No guarantees.
...that there will be
enough light left...
[people] Yes.
...to show you the way
back to salvation.
[man] Yes, sir.
[organ music playing]
♪ The storm is passing over ♪
Hallelujah.
[preacher] Mm-mm-mm.
♪ The storm is passing over ♪
♪ Ha-ha-hallelujah ♪
-♪ Halle-hallelujah ♪
-♪ Hallelu-hallelujah ♪
-♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Hallelujah, hallelujah ♪
♪ The storm is passing over ♪
♪ Ha-ha-hallelujah ♪
-♪ Halle-hallelujah ♪
-♪ Hallelu-hallelujah ♪
♪ Hallelujah
Hallelujah, hallelujah ♪
So you gonna tell me
what happened?
[Jukebox sighs]
I'm a'ight.
But you in danger.
All you police are.
Five-O hit Unique's re-up.
Now he gon' hit you.
[suspenseful music plays]
How do you know this?
Hmph.
[sighs]
Why are you telling me?
Just don't want nobody else
to get hurt.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
No.
What's going on
with you today, Raquel?
Nothing, Ma. Just living.
Been over a year
since you've come to church.
And I know you didn't stare
into some burning bush
this morning.
Something's happened.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
You ever think about
how I ended up the way I did?
Doing what I do?
You your own person.
Grown.
Made your own decisions.
None of that is on me.
So don't try to put it on me.
I'm not trying to put
nothing on you, Ma.
Just asking a question.
You gave me a answer.
That's right, I did.
So stop asking me questions.
Your mama ain't your problem,
Raquel.
You are.
♪ ♪
[Schoolly D] ♪ Once upon a time
In the ghetto ♪
♪ Lived a nigga
Kinda rough, kinda mellow ♪
♪ From the gang called
The Parkside Killers ♪
♪ Smoked a lot of Js
Drunk a lot of Millers ♪
♪ On the corner sellin' lleyo
With the boys ♪
♪ Holdin' his dick, fuckin'
With the young whores ♪
♪ You say, "Yo, nigga
What's your name?" ♪
♪ He say, "Suck my dick, tell
Your mother do the same" ♪
♪ His mother and his father
Said fuck him ♪
♪ All the bitches on the block
Will suck him ♪
♪ If a nigga owes him money
Better duck him ♪
[man] Word.
♪ Because he just might
Buck-buck-buck him ♪
♪ On his head
Is a motherfuckin' bounty ♪
♪ If he caught, he go straight
To the county ♪
♪ Be another young brother
In jail, yo ♪
♪ For standin' on the corner
Sellin' that lleyo ♪
♪ Ah, ah, yeah ♪
♪ Just another killer ♪
♪ Ah, ah, ah, yeah ♪
[indistinct chatter, laughter]
♪ Just another killer, baby ♪
♪ Just another killer ♪
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[gun cocking]
[dog barking]
[foreboding music plays]
♪ ♪
What up, B?
I spent the whole day thinking
about what I was gonna say,
how I was gonna say it.
Now that we standing here
face-to-face,
truth be told,
I can't remember shit.
That jacket...
that ain't yours.
[suspenseful music plays]
♪ ♪
You don't wanna do that, son.
Raq is setting you up.
[gunshot]
[dogs barking]
[coughing]
[Grown Kanan]
Once heard someone say
that a friend will kill
a nigga for you
but a best friend
will help you
bury the fucking body.
And that makes sense to me.
'Cause the truth is,
killing a nigga
ain't that hard.
But are you willing
to take the weight
for a hit
that ain't even yours?
Are you willing to fall
for your motherfucking flag
in the street?
[Howard grunting]
[Grown Kanan] I am.
[gunshot]
[Public Enemy]
♪ Welcome to the Terrordome ♪
-♪ Come on down ♪
-♪ Get down ♪
♪ Come on, you can get it
Get it, get it ♪
-♪ Come on down ♪
-♪ Get down ♪
♪ Come on, you can get it
Get it, get it ♪
-♪ Come on down ♪
-♪ Get down ♪
♪ Come on, you can get it
Get it, get it ♪
♪ Come on down ♪
Would you join me, please,
in welcome-in-ing...
So long, now.
Have a good trip!
Yo, yo, who put this thing
together, huh?
Me!
Me, that's who!
Who I trust? Who I trust?
Yo, who you trust, man?
♪ Subordinate terror
Kickin' off an era ♪
♪ Cold deliverin' pain ♪
♪ My '98 was '87 on a record
Yo ♪
♪ So now I go Bronco ♪
Oh, Chuck,
they out to get us, man.
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, Chuck,
They out to get us, man.
Yo, we gotta dust
these boys off.
♪ Crucifixion
Ain't no fiction ♪
♪ So-called chosen frozen ♪
♪ Apology made
To whoever pleases ♪
[scatting]
Wow.[laughs]
♪ Come on, you can get it
Get it, get it ♪
Boing.